Kerpecheva/theming updates (#1006)
telerik/maui-docs: styling-and-themes/overview.md

## Theme

A *theme* is a collection of styles and templates in XAML files, which determine the appearance of the Telerik .NET MAUI components, including fonts, colors, sizes, and layouts.

## Swatch

A *theme swatch* is a color variation of a theme. All swatches of a given theme use the same fonts, sizes, and layouts. On the other hand, the text colors, background colors and border colors are different. For example, *Purple* and *Purple Dark* are two built-in swatch names.

The Telerik .NET MAUI theme comes with a set of eight predefined swatches for both dark and light modes: `Main`, `Main Dark`, `Ocean Blue`, `Ocean Blue Dark`, `Purple`, `Purple Dark`, `Turquoise` and `Turquoise Dark`.

Here is an example of the AutoComplete control with `Purple` and `Purple Dark` applied:

![Telerik .NET MAUI Theming](images/theming-default.png)

>You can explore and compare the built-in theme swatches in the [Telerik .NET MAUI ControlsSamples App]({%slug controls-samples-app%}). Go to the Theming example of each component and use the **Change Theme** dropdown to switch between the theme swatches.

## Using the MAUI Themes

> To enable the Telerik Theming in your app, follow the steps below (assuming you already have a .NET MAUI app set up to work with Telerik .NET MAUI controls):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can add Telerik Themes to your app, make sure that it is configured to use the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI components. For more details, see the [Getting Started with Telerik UI for .NET MAUI in Visual Studio]({%slug: maui-getting-started %}) or [Visual Studio Code]({%slug: maui-getting-started-vs-code%}) articles.

To enable the Telerik Theming in your app:
```

1. Go to the `.csproj` file of your MAUI project and set `UseTelerikTheming` property to `true` in a separate `PropertyGroup`:

    ```XAML
    <PropertyGroup>
        <UseTelerikTheming>true</UseTelerikTheming>
    </PropertyGroup>
    ```

> 1. Rebuild the solution - this will generate a new `TelerikTheming` folder inside the project containing all the styles and resources needed for the Telerik .NET MAUI controls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Rebuild the solution&mdash;this will generate a new `TelerikTheming` folder inside the project containing all the styles and resources needed for the Telerik .NET MAUI controls:
```
